AreaNb:

This number is associated with the player's session. It starts at 1 and is
increased with each 0205 and 0208 calls for this player. It is not sure how
0205 for spawning other players affects this value.

Channel:

Commands are sent over three channels: broadcast, client and server.
Broadcast packets are received from the client and directly broadcast to
all the other players in the same area with little modifications. Client
commands are instructions from the client to the server and server commands
are their opposite. Sometimes a command will use a wrong channel or a
different channel entirely. Broadcast is channel 1, client is channel 2
and server is channel 3.

Command:

The command is represented by a 16-bit integer value. It is more or less
ordered by categories although it is not clear how some commands relate
to others from the same category. See commands.txt for more details.

Counter:

A counter is a special area where players can start missions. It generally
features a 2D background and menus on the left. As such it is also used for
special shops like Lumilass or the clothes shops, along with special rooms
where players can change their clothes.
Mission counters all have a CounterID and a counter file with their
settings. This file is sent alongside all the quests available from this
counter. Counter files are server-side.

CounterID:

The CounterID is a 8-bit integer value going from 0 to 255 that represents
a mission counter.

EntryID:

The EntryID is a 16-bit integer value and is the entrance identifier for
a map. It is probably found as a parameter to entrance objects in the zone
file.

GID:

GUARDIANS ID, the unique player identifier.

LID:

LID is a misnomer for what is essentially a temporary player identifier
for the current zone he's in. Each zones maintain their lists of players
and NPCs inside it and they are identified using this unique identifier.
The LID is in fact a TargetID.

Map:

A map is an area where players can be, like Clyez City 1st Floor for
example. Map files are client-side.
A map is uniquely identified by a MapID and an area identifier.

MapID:

A MapID is a map identifier which represents a map file when associated
with an area identifier.

Quest:

A quest is a set of zones with a few related settings. Quests can be
lobbies, rooms or missions. Quests handle the area names and the list
of entrance and exit values to other areas. Quest files are server-side.
A quest is uniquely identified by a QuestID.

QuestID:

A QuestID is a quest identifier which represents a quest file.

TargetID:

A TargetID is an identifier for a target in a zone. A target can be a
player, an enemy, an NPC, an object or a vehicle. Not all objects have
a TargetID though. All TargetID are unique per zone.
Players and NPCs have a TargetID starting from 0 up to 1023.
From 1024 to 3823 the TargetID are for the various objects and enemies.
3824 and above are for vehicles.

Zone:

A zone is a set of maps along with the objects available to each maps,
a script, enemy parameters if any and any other file related to the zone.
Zones can be used for lobbies, rooms or missions. They contain one or more
maps. Zone files are server-side.
A zone is uniquely identified by the combination of a QuestID and a ZoneID.

ZoneID:

A ZoneID is a zone identifier which represents a zone file when associated
with a QuestID.
